Identity provider user flow (#12583)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/b2xidentityuserflow-post-userflowidentityproviders.md

---

> title: "Add identityProvider to a b2xIdentityUserFlow"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Add identityProvider"
```

description: "Add identityProvider in a b2xIdentityUserFlow."
localization_priority: Normal
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "namkedia"

> ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
```

---

> # Add identityProvider to a b2xIdentityUserFlow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add identityProvider
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the identity providers in a [b2xIdentityUserFlow](../resources/b2xidentityuserflow.md) object.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)|IdentityUserFlow.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)| Not supported.|
|Application| IdentityUserFlow.ReadWrite.All|

The work or school account needs to belong to one of the following roles:

* Global administrator
* External Identity User Flow administrator

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
PATCH /b2xUserFlows/B2X_1_Test/userflowIdentityProviders/$ref
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

> In the request body, provide a JSON representation of the `id` of the [identityProvider](../resources/identityproviderbase.md) you want to add. For self-service sign up user flows, the values can be `Google-OAUTH` or `Facebook-OAUTH`.

Reviewer 2: Are there other types of user flows apart from the self-service sign up ones? Do they have different values? Let's tell the customer about them.
```suggestion
In the request body, provide a JSON representation with the `id` of the [identityProvider](../resources/identityproviderbase.md) you want to add. For self-service sign up user flows, the values can be `Google-OAUTH` or `Facebook-OAUTH`.
```

Author: b2xuserfows are self service sign up userflows. There are different documents for other userflows aka b2c. We do not need to mention that here.

## Response

> If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. If unsuccessful, a `4xx` error will be returned with specific details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. If unsuccessful, a `4xx` error is returned with the specific error details.
```

## Example

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_b2xuserflows_userflowidentityprovider"
}
-->

``` http

> PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identity/b2xUserFlows/{id}/userflowIdentityProviders/$ref

Reviewer: Examples should have a real looking id.

Content-type: application/json

> Content-length: 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

{

>   "@odata.id": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identity/identityProviders/{id}"

Reviewer: Provide a real looking id.

}
```

### Response

> The following is an example of the response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
